Release notes (#261)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-npm: Changelog.md

## 2.2.0 - 2025-07-04

### Added

-   Support for `Ichg` to support 0.5mA increments on nPM 1304 EK

> -   `On Board Load` for nPM 1304 EK with hardware revision older then 0.1.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The on-board load feature (active load) for the nPM1304 EK with hardware revision older than 0.1.0.
```
